# Missing Encoding
Retrieve the photo of Bjoern's cat in "melee combat-mode".

### Intro
Here's a challenge that I very much struggled with and a perfect example of one that I had no chance of solving on my own. I simply didn't know the key technique. So here's the concept you need to know:

Websites encode their data in such a way that some characters are swapped out for characters that work better within the URL or HTML code. Special characters can sometimes cause issues. The tool we'll use here is the inspector and console within your browser's developer tools and the command `encodeURIComponent("your text goes here")`. Once you find what you think may be the image in question try plugging in the name here.

### First Guidance
Where are photos uploaded on this site? Poke around all the pages to try to find an image that looks like it hasn't loaded correctly. Perhaps the name will include some of those strange special characters mentioned earlier.

### Second Guidance
Once you've found your culprit, use the inspector to grab the file name. The easiest way to find it within the HTML quickly is to use the small button with a cursor in a box at the top left of developer tools and just click what element you'd like to inspect. You'll need to look through some of the drop-down options in the HTML.

### Third Guidance
Once you have the encoded output sub it back in within the HTML.

### Solution
The broken image can be found on the Photo Wall page `<URL>/#/photo-wall` and the alt-text displayed is `😼 #zatschi #whoneedsfourlegs` for the image in question. When we go into inspector we see that the name of the file we're looking for is `ᓚᘏᗢ-#zatschi-#whoneedsfourlegs-1572600969477.jpg`. The `#` in the name mess up the angular nature of the URLs this website uses. Goto the developer tools' console and enter `encodeURIComponent("ᓚᘏᗢ-#zatschi-#whoneedsfourlegs-1572600969477.jpg")`. 

Because we needed to learn about encoding before we could undertake this challenge, the key takeaway was mostly explained under the intro. Going forward we will be using encoding quite a bit more so getting a grasp of how URI encoding works at this stage is important.  