# DOM XSS
Perform a DOM XSS attack with `<iframe scr="javascript:alert('xss'):>`

### Intro
This is our first introduction to XSS (Cross-Site Scripting). The basic idea is to somehow inject the code above into the website. XSS is part of the "injection" category in the [OWASP Top 10](https://owasp.org/www-project-top-ten/) and injection is the #3 most common issues in web apps, so it's an important thing to learn. I'll also elaborate on what DOM XSS is at the bottom and how it differs from other forms of XSS.

### Key Technique
The simple breakdown here is that we need to find a place to input our payload `<iframe scr="javascript:alert('xss'):>`. This means that we're looking for anywhere on the website that allows us to input text. If the website directly prints that text back out on the web page, it may be vulnerable to XSS. Run your payload and see if you get an alert! Take 15 minutes poking around and see if you can find an input field where this may work.

### First Guidance
Start on the homepage.

### Second Guidance
If you've found that the alert triggers but the challenge doesn't pop, copy that payload directly from the challenge description. Note that the authors use backticks not '. It's odd and I don't know why they do that, but when I try to input the payload here it shows like this: `<iframe src="javascript:alert(`xss`):>`
That's why I chose to replace ` with '.

### Solution
Input the payload to the search bar. After pressing enter the alert will trigger and the challenge will solve. 

There's no sanitization here so the payload comes out exactly how we input it. In the future we'll have to worry about sanitization algorithms and how to beat them. 

The first thing we should address here, as promised above, is what DOM XSS is and how it differs from stored or reflected. DOM (Document Object Model) represents the page itself and allows manipulation from other code types and files. on the most basic level, it's the document that has the HTML and core elements written on it. So from that we know that we need to manipulate the HTML on the website so that it will display the payload. DOM differs from reflected because it's client-side only. Reflected is very similar but it's a client-server interaction. Stored is when the payload is stored within the server itself, in a data-base for example, and then displayed to the client.